fix up assets c3 command (#20589)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/index.mdx

	network.
</Description>

> The following frameworks have support for Cloudflare Workers and the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/). See the individual guides below for how to get started.

Reviewer: Is "for how to get started" grammatically correct? 🤔 

What about
```suggestion
The following frameworks have support for Cloudflare Workers and the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/). To get started see the individual guides below.
```
?

> The following frameworks have support for Cloudflare Workers and the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/). See the individual guides below for how to get started.

Author: It sounds correct to me? 😅 What about this?
```suggestion
The following frameworks have support for Cloudflare Workers and the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/). Refer to the individual guides below for instructions on how to get started.
```

Reviewer: Lol, sorry "for how to" just sounds a bit off to me, but it might just be me 🙈 , feel free to keep it if you prefer it

Anyways I love your suggestion ❤️ , I'd go with that 👍
